This disclaimer is a more application-specific addition to the general points
stated in the MIT license.

The server is intended to enable "passive" clients (e.g. status monitors) to
access more current data formats than they originally support. A "passive"
client only consumes status information but does not perform any interaction
with the live VATSIM network.

The server shall not be used to provide information to unsupported "active"
clients (pilot or ATC clients) which directly interact with the actual VATSIM
network (not just consuming status information). Providing manipulated
information to such clients may result in unintended behaviour or enable
otherwise unapproved or outdated software to access VATSIM. This may be a
violation of the Code of Conduct (e.g. item A7 as of March 2021).

All data processed and served by the proxy server is subject to policies and
restrictions set by VATSIM. By default requests are only served to local
applications (identified by IP addresses 127.0.0.1 or ::1). Depending on your
local regulation served data may be considered privacy-relevant and thus
should be handled carefully in accordance to local regulations and legal
requirements as well as all other applicable policies. It is recommended to
host this server strictly private and not open access to the general public.

By using the server you agree with all terms of the MIT license, including
(but not limited to) the general disclaimer:

THE SOFTWARE IS PROVIDED "AS IS", WITHOUT WARRANTY OF ANY KIND, EXPRESS OR
IMPLIED, INCLUDING BUT NOT LIMITED TO THE WARRANTIES OF MERCHANTABILITY,
FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE AND NONINFRINGEMENT. IN NO EVENT SHALL THE
AUTHORS OR COPYRIGHT HOLDERS BE LIABLE FOR ANY CLAIM, DAMAGES OR OTHER
LIABILITY, WHETHER IN AN ACTION OF CONTRACT, TORT OR OTHERWISE, ARISING FROM,
OUT OF OR IN CONNECTION WITH THE SOFTWARE OR THE USE OR OTHER DEALINGS IN
THE SOFTWARE.
